Introduction

Translation Commons creates keyboards in collaboration with language communities from around the world, at their request. They are free, Open Source, and available for anyone to download and use. The published keyboards are listed below. Check back periodically to see our latest additions. To request the creation of a keyboard for your language community, visit Keyboard Creation Service

Note that some keyboards are early releases that are still being tested by their language communities.

These keyboards are virtual not physical keyboards. For desktop computers they replace the characters generated by the physical keyboard with the desired characters. On mobile devices the onscreen keyboard is replaced. These virtual keyboards require the Keyman application to be installed. You can download Keyman here. 

Each Translation Commons keyboard is distributed in a .zip file listed below. After downloading the keyboard zip file, follow the installation instructions here.

These keyboards are OpenSource and available under the MIT License.

We would appreciate your feedback on the keyboards. This helps us improve them and also lets us know how our work benefits your language community. Use this feedback form to ask questions or send comments to us.

Keyboard Descriptions

Each keyboard description below includes the language name, ISO code, and the script it supports. The description also identifies the platforms that the keyboard can be used with and whether the keyboard is the final version or an early-release version.

In some cases, a script is not yet encoded in the Unicode standard. In that instance, the keyboard may use the Private Use Area of the Unicode standard to encode characters, or code points proposed but not yet confirmed for Unicode, or other code points currently supported by fonts and the community. The keyboard descriptions identify the encoding status if the keyboard is not using the actual Unicode Standard encoding.

The description may also provide supplemental information such as keyboard support for predictive text, links to fonts that support the language, etc.

Final Keyboards
Find a list of final and preview keyboards at:
https://translationcommons.org/keyboard-creation-project/published-keyboards/
